Hi there, this is the 16th edition of opportunities
on gta multiplayer at fbi this organization
which investigates crimes
federal character and provides
state security
the country's nation of the president will go about it
speech today since fbi is engaged
the investigation of especially serious crimes
curb brand turnover and trade
weapons and prevention of terrorist attacks
then the armament transport must
match level agents have
besides
semi automatic weapon pistol
stun grenades that allow
improve everyone who is a few
meters from employees at closed
underground parking lots are located three
car brand cheats 5 used to be raw and 3
van and two motorcycles besides
all police functions
fbr its location has the means
for spying and detecting people by
network signals if a person
located in the city espionage include
yourself the opportunity to change into any
one of the three criminal clothes
of organizations
that will merge with criminals and
finding out valuable information is also you
can attach a bug on one of them
and being special transport on
distance not more than 150 meters from the bug
hear everything that a person says like us
already said before agents are full
responsibility for the safety of citizens
and should prevent the attacks therefore if
woman will still be installed then they
can neutralize it
one more detail which agents
lured away will learn is the opportunity
Install MT5 laser sights
911 citizens called can also
send them the agent messages fbi
for example warn them about the preparation
terrorist attack
but all the other features given
organization you can find out already
directly in the game in this issue
5 days left until the opening
subscribe to our channel join
vkontakte group follow all
further news
and also don't forget is registered on
our forum has all the useful
server information
all links indicated on your screen also
is present in the description all bye and up
tomorrow